[Doc] Proofreading documentation (#6998)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/serving/usage_stats.md

## Opt-out of Usage Stats Collection

> You can reject usage stats collection by setting the `VLLM_NO_USAGE_STATS` or `DO_NOT_TRACK` environment variable, or by creating a `~/.config/vllm/do_not_track` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can opt-out usage stats collection by setting the `VLLM_NO_USAGE_STATS` or `DO_NOT_TRACK` environment variable, or by creating a `~/.config/vllm/do_not_track` file:
```
